politics\060.txt
Billions of pounds spent on conflict in Iraq and in the Middle East should have been used to reduce poverty, Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor has said.
The head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales made the comments on BBC Radio 4 and will re-iterate his stance in his Christmas Midnight Mass.
He added: "If the governments of the rich countries were as ready to devote to peace the resources they are willing to commit to war, that would be to see with new eyes and speak with a new voice and perhaps then others would listen to us with new ears."


politics\148.txt
Three Labour councillors in Birmingham were caught operating a "vote-rigging factory", an Election Court has heard.
Deputy High Court Judge Richard Mawrey, QC told the hearing at the Birmingham and Midlands Institute the case could have potentially serious consequences for any forthcoming General Election.
Witnesses saw them carrying several bags from their campaign office, which the men drove to a warehouse on an industrial estate off Birch Road East, the court was told.


politics\172.txt
Schools must improve the quality of citizenship lessons - or social cohesion and democracy will suffer, says the education watchdog.
Badly-taught citizenship lessons have previously been criticised by Mr Bell, and in a speech to the Hansard Society, he warned that it was failing to pass on an understanding of democracy, public service and shared values.
"I would go further and say that an awareness of our common heritage as British citizens, equal under the law, should enable us to assert with confidence that we are intolerant of intolerance, illiberalism and attitudes and values that demean the place of certain sections of our community, be they women or people living in non-traditional relationships," said Mr Bell.


politics\181.txt
Tony Blair has promised that "sport is back" as a priority for schools.
The prime minister launched a £500m initiative to allow school sports clubs in England to provide up to three hours of extra activity a week by 2010.
Launching the initiative, Mr Blair completed an agility course and shot basketball hoops with students from the all-girl Waverley Sports College in Southwark, south London.


politics\302.txt
George Galloway is to stand against pro-Iraq war Labour MP Oona King at the next general election.
Mr Galloway's current constituency is set to disappear under planned boundary changes in Scotland.
Speaking from a cafe in Brick Lane, east London, Mr Galloway said he had accepted the party's invitation to stand with "great honour and pride".


politics\377.txt
Controversial new UK casinos will be banned from using American tricks of the trade to ensure they are "socially responsible", it has been suggested.
In America, pheromones have reportedly been released from machines to encourage aggressive gambling and clocks are often removed from walls.
She told The Times: "British casinos will be quite different to those overseas.


