sport\033.txt
Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been suspended after failing to take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.
Kenteris, the 2000 Olympic 200m champion, and Thanou, the women's 100m silver medallist from the same Games in Sydney, also face a criminal hearing in Greece over the missed tests.
"There will be a final right of appeal from the decision of the Greek Federation to the Court of Arbitration for Sport," the IAAF said.


sport\077.txt
Glynn Tromans - the reigning UK Inter-Countries and England Cross-Country champion - came in third place as he continues his comeback from a five-month injury lay-off.Peter Riley, who secured bronze for the GB men's team at last month's European Championships, won the men's 9km race.Riley, representing England, moved away over the last two kilometres to win by 25 metres from Ireland's Gary Murray.

sport\248.txt
Referee Graham Poll said he applied the laws of the game in allowing Arsenal striker Thierry Henry's free-kick in Sunday's 2-2 draw with Chelsea.
"The same thing happened when I refereed Chelsea against West Ham in an FA Cup replay two years ago - when Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink scored - and I don't remember them complaining about that."
Henry told BBC Radio Five Live: "The ref asked me if I wanted 10 yards or if I wanted to take it straight away and I said that I wanted to take it straight away.


sport\346.txt
High, the Rugby Football Union's referees' manager, claimed Kaplan made three major errors which changed the outcome of Sunday's match.England will protest to the International Rugby Board (IRB) about the referee's performance in the defeat by Ireland, reports the Daily Mail.England coach Andy Robinson has called on ex-international referees Colin High and Steve Lander to analyse several of Jonathan Kaplan's decisions.

sport\390.txt
European champions Wasps are set to offer Matt Dawson a new deal.
Dawson played a vital part in England's World Cup win last year but has fallen out of favour with new coach Andy Robinson after missing a training session in September.
"Rugby is still my priority and there's still a burning desire within me to play the best rugby I possibly can," he said.


sport\428.txt
The world number one took two hours 15 minutes to earn his 4-6 6-3 7-6 victory, saving match points at 6-4 in the tiebreak before claiming it 8-6.The world number one was forced to go the distance against Ivan Ljubicic in the Rotterdam final and against Ivo Minar in the first round in Dubai.Top seed Roger Federer had to save two match points before squeezing past Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Dubai Open.

